DEVX-2258 Check Prose for Offensive, Ableist and Gendered Language (#3405)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _tutorials/en/verify/2fa-ruby-add-number-to-model.md

rake db:migrate
```

> Devise enables you to edit a user right out of the box. By default these views are hidden, so we need to get a copy of them to make changes to. Devise makes this pretty straightforward through a Rails generator, which you would run using `rails generate:devise:views:templates`.

Reviewer: "Devise makes this pretty straightforward through a Rails generator, which you would run using `rails generate:devise:views:templates`." -> "Devise provides a Rails generator for creating a copy of the templates you need to edit. You run the generator using the command `rails generate:devise:views:templates`". @marklewin can you confirm this is correct or suggest alternative please? Thanks

Author: ```suggestion
Devise provides a Rails generator for creating a copy of the templates you need to edit. You run the generator using the command `rails generate:devise:views:templates`.
```

@marklewin please confirm and if so go ahead and commit this suggestion per @tbedford's comment
